So what are we going to work on next?
Well, at this point in time, we have wired up our order service that is listening to the ticket created
event and the ticket updated events.
So Order Service is processing those events pretty darn well.
The order service in turn is also emitting a couple events.
So for example, the order service is publishing order created and order canceled.
We need to now make sure that the ticket service is going to have a listener that's going to watch for
the order created event and the order canceled event.
The reason for this, remember, is we need to make sure that we lock down a ticket after an order has
been created for it.
So once a ticket has been reserved, the ticket service needs to make sure that the person who owns
this ticket, the person who created the ticket, cannot come back and start to edit it because we don't
want a user to start to go through the process of purchasing a ticket and then see the price just mysteriously
change or the description change or anything like that.
So to implement that, we're going to go back over to our ticket service.
We're going to implement two different listeners.
Whenever the ticket service sees a list or an event of order created, we're going to find the appropriate
ticket inside the ticket service and set something on there that's going to lock down that ticket and
prevent us from making any further changes to it.
Then whenever we see an order canceled event which indicates that the person who's trying to buy the
ticket says, forget this, I don't want the ticket, or maybe the order times out or whatever else.
We're then going to make sure that we unreserved the ticket or essentially unlock it down and allow
editing of the ticket once again.
So that's pretty much it.
It's pretty much an on off lag.
Whenever we see what are created, lock the ticket.
Whenever we see cancelled, unlock the ticket, that's all it is.
So not the worst thing in the world.
Now that we've got an idea of what we're doing, pause right here, start to implement this in the next
video.